Update README.md with notes about /release endpoint (#810)
freiheit-com/kuberpult: README.md

* `application` name of the microservice. Must be the same name over all releases, otherwise kuberpult assumes this is a separate microservice.
* `source_commit_id` git commit hash, we recommend to use the first 12 characters (but can be shorter/longer if needed).
* `source_author` git author of the new change.
* `source_message` git commit message of the new change.
* `author-email` and `author-name` are base64 encoded http headers. They define the `git author` that pushes to the manifest repository.
* `version` (optional, but recommended) If not set, kuberpult will just use `last release number + 1`. It is recommended to set this to a unique number, for example the number of commits in your git main branch. This way, if you have parallel executions of `/release` for the same service, kuberpult will sort them in the right order.
* `team` (optional) team name of the microservice. Used to filter more easily for relevant services in kuberpult's UI and also written as label to the ArgoCd app to allow filtering in the ArgoCd UI.

Caveats:

> * Not that the `/release` endpoint can be rather slow. This is because it involves running `git push` to a real repository, which in itself is a slow operation. Usually this takes about 1 second, but it highly depends on your git hoster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that the `/release` endpoint can be rather slow. This is because it involves running `git push` to a real repository, which in itself is a slow operation. Usually this takes about 1 second, but it highly depends on your git host.
```

Author: solved, but slightly reworded

> * Note that the `/release` endpoint can be rather slow. This is because it involves running `git push` to a real repository, which in itself is a slow operation. Usually this takes about 1 second, but it highly depends on your Git Hosting Provider.

Reviewer 2: This applies to literally all endpoints that write to the repository.

Author: good point, fixed it
